ICR RSE: Improvements and Text Simplifications (#73)
RSE-Sheffield/pando-python: learners/setup.md

You may want to create a new Python virtual environment for the course, this can be done with your preferred Python environment manager (e.g. `conda`, `pipenv`), the required packages can all be installed via `pip`.

> If you have `conda` available, you can create and activate a new environment named `py311_env` with Python 3.11 using the following command:
> 
> ```sh
> conda create --name py311_env python=3.11
> conda activate py311_env

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have `conda` available, you can create and activate a new environment named `p_and_o` with Python 3.13 using the following command:

```sh
conda create --name p_and_o python=3.13
conda activate p_and_o
```
* Use the latest version of Python, like we tell learners to do in a later episode
* More meaningful name for the environment

Reviewer: > In this case is it not better to specify `python` sans version?

Most of the time, yes; however, there’s always a risk in the first weeks after a major Python release that one of the third-party packages with binary extensions used in the course doesn’t have compatible wheels available yet. For example, Python 3.13 came out in October 2024 and `line_profiler` published the first release with compatible wheels [in early December](https://pypi.org/project/line-profiler/4.2.0/#history).
(It’s possible that the sdist of the previous release would compile without issues; however, I wouldn’t want to rely on that working reliably on all learners’ laptops.)

More generally, I think it’d be good to briefly go over the course after every major Python release, to make sure it’s still up to date. (Especially in the next few releases, where free-threading and the JIT will potentially affect performance characteristics significantly.)

If you prefer, we can keep 3.11 here for now and open a new issue (feel free to assign to me!) to update to 3.13 across the board.

Author: I'll setup an issue, would be good to have a documented process for updating Python version e.g. if we're keen for things to be tested, may be possible to semi-automate this with CI.
